TODO:
    There's Z fighting on the back of the Witch's Oven model. Check if that's accurate.
    Clicking a filled cauldron with ingredients with a bucket gives a bottled potion. Is this accurate behavior?
    Quicklime and Gypsum should clear the contents of a cauldron. Currently, they don't.
    CustomRecipeManager.matchRecipe() runs every server tick for every distillery loaded.
        Maybe change how it works to be more efficient.
    Infinity Egg is nowhere near as powerful in my recreation as in the original mod. Fix that.
    Witchs Ovens need a dramatic overhaul of their crafting and inventory system. Reference Distillery for much of this.
        The integrated system for recipes is quite clunky, as it's not designed to handle multiple outputs. Replace it with a custom system.
        Autofill (shift click) should take into consideration fuel items, jars, burnables, etc.
        The jar slot should also only be able to hold jars, nothing else.
        You shouldn't be able to place any items into the output slots manually, only crafting should place items there.
    Experiment with adding serializers to custom recipe formats so json files can be used.
    Make Kettle.
        Redstone Soup item already implemented. Functionality still missing.
    Implement Spirit World.
        Add Brew of Flowing Spirit and Brew of Hollow Tears.
            Add recipe for above to distillery.
    Add particle effects for altars.
    Implement ability to place demon hearts. Possibly implement as a blockitem?
        They can only be placed while holding shift.
    Add ability to eat demon hearts.
        This adds a bunch of potion effects to the player.
    Make Hobgoblins (Koboldite mineral items already implemented)
    Add looting functionality to Arthana.
    Witchs Cauldrons don't currently drain any altar power for any reason. Implement this.
    Add all brewing effects
    Add all cauldron recipes.
    Stockade damage behavior is inaccurate. Damage should be taken while walking, not while falling.
        Maybe keep the falling damage, but add walking damage too.